So in the last lecture we learned how we can optimize our EP with ahead of time compilation and before
that we all learned how to use modules and how to use lazy loading to also remove the initial chunk
file chunk.
We have to download.
Now these are the basic optimizations you should be thinking about in most apps.
Now let's think about some advanced things when it comes to lazy loading and routing mostly if you lazy
load in your app you still have that effect that as soon if you wisit the app at slash recipe's you
load this whole chunk at this point of time.
So that might give you a little window of time where the application kind of hangs because that code
needs to be downloaded and depending on the connection that may take a couple of milliseconds or seconds
even which is not great.
So it would be nice if we used lazy loading but still preload to code which means at the point of time
you wisit the web page you don't load the lazy loaded code.
But then once the user is using your web page and it's using different areas which are not lazy loaded
you preload the lazy loaded features so that if the user decides to lay the Wizard one of these feature
areas we have code already available and angular makes implementing better pre-loading strategy really
easy.
Let me show you how it works.
It's actually super easy to enable pre-loading we have to go to the app routing module to basically
to where we define our routes and where we set them up in the router module and then here are what we
call for route we can pass a second argument to for root and that is a Chavez could object where we
can configure this router Marchal.
And here's one important configuration which is very useful.
It's the pre-loading strategy property.
This property takes a value.
And here you simply have to pass a type definition the type of pre-loading strategy you want to use
now by default.
It's not set at all or you didn't set this configuration.
So you were using the default pre-loading strategy which is don't preload to preload.
You can add d preload all modules strategy which you don't need to import from the angler router package.
This is a strategy which as the name implies pre-load is all lazy loaded modules.
After the app has been loaded.
So not at the point of time you load the app initially but once it runs.
Now you can also write your own strategies that's more advanced if you want to control which features
should get preloaded when but there's a great strategy to basically tell angler people please make sure
that you preload the modules which are loaded lazily and now to disrupt.
I'll go back to my Web page and once we reload this you'll see that the chunkier is now also loaded.
Now it might look like it was downloaded at the point of time we loaded all the above code but technically
I can tell you it was preloaded by angler.
It just was really fast but you can tell that it was preloaded because it was loaded off her defender
and main bundle.
And while before some other Fahd's which technically are also just loaded at a later point of time because
they are not directly related to your project or they come from the seal eyes so basically pre-loading
here works the chunk gets loaded before you was rest of his Devar if we click here you'll see only the
images are now loaded at the point of time we were at this page.
And that's not related to Engler but because in this project we really only use image you or else.
So they are always loaded when we use the image because they're not part of our project.
So pre-loading works and this is how you can enable it to improve your app even more.